Move KeepAwake functionalities to internal module (#3747)
expo/expo: docs/pages/versions/unversioned/sdk/keep-awake.md

  }

  _activate = () => {
    /* @info Screen will remain on after called until <strong>KeepAwake.deactivate()</strong> is called. */ KeepAwake.activate(); /* @end */
  };

  _deactivate = () => {
    /* @info Deactivates KeepAwake, or does nothing if it was never activated. */ KeepAwake.deactivate(); /* @end */
  };
}
```

> ### `KeepAwake.activate(tag?:string)`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### `KeepAwake.activate(tag?: string)`
```

> Prevents screen from sleeping, until deactivate is called.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Prevents screen from sleeping, until `deactivate` is called.
```

> If `tag` argument is used, sleep will be prevented until call deactivate with the same `tag` argument. For multiple `tags` used for activation, everyone must be deactivated in order to enable screen sleep.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If `tag` argument is used, sleep will be prevented until `deactivate` call with the same `tag` argument. When using multiple `tags` for activation you'll have to deactivate every one in order to reenable screen sleep.
```

#### Arguments

- **tag (_string_)** -- **optional** -- Tag to lock screen sleep prevention. If not provided, default one is used.

> ### `KeepAwake.deactivate(tag?string)`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### `KeepAwake.deactivate(tag?: string)`
```

> Releases lock of screen sleep prevention on specified `tag`;

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Releases lock of screen sleep prevention on specified `tag`.
```
